I miss it even covers now of the death
of jr. sale the San Diego Chargers
greatly went on to play for the Miami
Dolphins in the New England Patriots and
has since just becoming a role model of
a community activists and model citizen
and man alive today police lead us to
believe that was took his life moments
ago his mother who speaks with an accent
native Samoan step to the microphone in
San Diego County and now will play for
even it's an entire I'm going to say a
few words
selfie round put my staff I don't know I
don't know
but I appreciate everybody so what you
show your love show your love to my son
oh do now do not ever do nothing in your
life but I'd say today thank you I
appreciate you can show your life to
beside I don't understand who do this to
myself but I pray to God please take me
take me a massage but it is too late
that's all I said thank you thank you so
much god bless you everybody
I don't know what I'm going to do that's
already God God give me a power back a
Tuesday my husband out of town he
talking to me he's joking to me because
me I hope you in when you study now I
need a pair poised on a quest according
he never say sorry puppy
you know why you never telling me you
boys and I'm ready
thank you let me live
thank you thank you so much thanks
everybody
thank you very much my brothers
especially my parents I would appreciate
or we would appreciate as a family that
you give us some kind of privacy I know
the media
I'm sorry media but I know you guys you
guys will overflow this my brother was a
loving brother a caring citizen so I
would appreciate it if you guys would
just please honor his last in and give
us some kind of peace and privacy
thank you I'm junior sister